# Homework 2 README

This is the README for the second homework assignment of COE 332 SP21. 

## General Description: generate_animals.py

generate_animals.py will randomly create 20 "bizzare" animals when called. Each animal has a randomly chosen head from the list of snake, bull, raven, and bunny, a body made up of two animals randomly chosen using the petname library, a random number of arms (even number between 2 and 10, inclusive), a random number of legs (multiple of three between 3 and 12, inclusive), and a non-random number of tails that is equal to the sum of arms and legs. The 20 individual animals are accessible in animals.json file.

## General Description: read_animals.py

read_animals.py has two functionalities. The first functionality outputs one randomly chosen animal from the 20 animals that are generated by generate_animals.py. The second functionality is new. It outputs the means and modes of the numbers of arms, legs, and tails of the 20 generated animals.

## General Description: test_read_animals.py

test_read_animals.py is used for unit testing the stats def of read_animals.py. stats is used for the secondary functionality (for finding meands and modes of arms, legs,and tails of the 20 animals) of read_animals.py

## Instructions on how to download and run the scripts directly

1. Run the following command to log into DockerHub:

'''bash
docker login
'''

2. Run the following command to pull a copy of the container from DockerHub:

'''bash
docker pull hyeonseunglee/homework02:0.1
'''

3. Create a directory where you would like to download and run the scripts in

'''bash
mkdir FOLDERNAME
'''

Replace FOLDERNAME with your desired name for the directory

4. Go inside FOLDERNAME directory

'''bash
cd FOLDERNAME
'''

5. Run the following command to directly run generate_animals.py and download animals.json inside FOLDERNAME directory:

'''bash
docker run --rm -v $PWD:/data -u $(id -u):$(id -g) hyeonseunglee/homework02:0.1 generate_animals.py /data/animals.json
'''

6. Run the following command to directly run read_animals.py

'''bash
docker run --rm -v $PWD:/data hyeoseunglee/homework02:0.1 read_animals.py /data/animals.json
'''

## Instructions on how to build an image with the Dockerfile provided

1. Make sure that you are in the homework02 directory/folder or whichever directory/folder that contains the Dockerfile.
2. Run the following command in the command line:

'''bash
docker build -t <DOCKERHUBUSERNAME>/<code>:<version> .
'''

Replace <DOCKERHUBUSERNAME> with your personal DockerHub username.
Replace <code> with what you would like to name the image.
Replace <version> with whichever version number you would like to assign to this image that you are building.
Do not forget the . at the end of the command line.

## Instructions on how to run the scripts inside a container

1. Run the following command to log into DockerHub:

'''bash
docker login
'''

2. Run the following command to pull a copy of the container from DockerHub:

'''bash
docker pull hyeonseunglee/homework02:0.1
'''

3. Run the following command in the command line:

'''bash
docker run --rm -it hyeonseunglee/homework02:0.1 /bin/bash
'''

4. You should now be inside the container. 
5. Run the following command inside the container to generate the .json file with 20 animals:

'''bash
generate_animals.py FILENAME.json
'''

Replace FILENAME with whichever name you would like to assigned to the .json file containing the information of the 20 generated animals.
Remember, it does not matter which directory you run this command in, as long as your are inside the container. However, the .json file will be created in the directory you run this command in.

6. Run the following command inside the directory in which you created FILENAME.json from step 5 to run read_animals.py

'''bash
read_animals.py FILENAME.json
'''

Replace FILENAME with whichever file name you assigned to the .json file that was generated from step 5.

## Instructions on how to run the unit test for read_animals.py

1. Make sure you are inside the homework02 directory, or whichever directory the test_read_animals.py and read_animals.py are in.
2. Run the following command in the command line:

'''bash
python3 test_read_animals.py
'''

3. The unit test should run for the stats def inside read_animals.py

